README.md, before:

# Proof of Skill

## So MVP is the build and view of that core personal profile
- any user can build a profile for themselves (if they have a wallet)
- ideally the data is portable (on chain like ceramic DID based data)
- have a custom personal data section
- have an educational profile
- have a professional profile (might not be MVP)
- view page for a profile based on an input address
- edit page for your profile (assuming logged in with your wallet)
  - do your basicProfile
  - add your addresses
- education profile stuff should also include some manner of free text entry to
cover meatspace education
- tech stack: copy paste from developerdao.com
  - next
  - react
  - chakra
  - next-i18next
  - ...whatever we're using with our web3 integration

## education profile
- _buildspace
- questbook
- off-chain data as a proof of oracle work (maybe a step too far, but github)

## custom personal data
- ceramic `basicProfile` plus `addresses`
- whatever other data we need (if there is other data we need)

# if we want to build something, we should see if there can be a standard like humans.txt for web3
## shortfalls
- working in a team and only 1 person gets the deploy credit
- work on a repo that the team is anonymous on
- i think we don't have to try to solve this entirely (as it's a part of resume stuff anyway)

# research considerations
- lots of educational NFTs are built on polygon, see if we can capture that in The Graph

Questbook has an interest in this, once we have an MVP we should reengage

# Action
Dhaiwat is creating the repo on developer-dao
Dhaiwat set up the core components per developerdao.com
initialize Ceramic stack to allow for input/output
questbook may be able to invest this? but have some feeling that they will have ownership or something

Commit message:

add github profile details / statistics to profile
I am not familiar with what type of data or stats we can glean from GH profiles, but I thought this would be a nice feature.

README.md, after:

# Proof of Skill

## So MVP is the build and view of that core personal profile
- any user can build a profile for themselves (if they have a wallet)
- ideally the data is portable (on chain like ceramic DID based data)
- have a custom personal data section
- have an educational profile
- have a professional profile (might not be MVP)
- view page for a profile based on an input address
- edit page for your profile (assuming logged in with your wallet)
  - do your basicProfile
  - add your addresses
- education profile stuff should also include some manner of free text entry to
cover meatspace education
- tech stack: copy paste from developerdao.com
  - next
  - react
  - chakra
  - next-i18next
  - ...whatever we're using with our web3 integration
  - possible integration with github to obtain statistics / activity? e.g.
    - breakdown of stacks used - 45% JavaScipt, 10% Python, 33% Solidity, etc...
    - display other repos contributed to

## education profile
- _buildspace
- questbook
- off-chain data as a proof of oracle work (maybe a step too far, but github)

## custom personal data
- ceramic `basicProfile` plus `addresses`
- whatever other data we need (if there is other data we need)

# if we want to build something, we should see if there can be a standard like humans.txt for web3
## shortfalls
- working in a team and only 1 person gets the deploy credit
- work on a repo that the team is anonymous on
- i think we don't have to try to solve this entirely (as it's a part of resume stuff anyway)

# research considerations
- lots of educational NFTs are built on polygon, see if we can capture that in The Graph

Questbook has an interest in this, once we have an MVP we should reengage

# Action
Dhaiwat is creating the repo on developer-dao
Dhaiwat set up the core components per developerdao.com
initialize Ceramic stack to allow for input/output
questbook may be able to invest this? but have some feeling that they will have ownership or something
